Update encryptor config docs, table/column matching description (#254)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-server/encryptor-config.md

The encryption configuration file has two top-level sections: `defaults` and `schemas`.

## **database_settings section**

> This section is used to tell Acra some details about database configuration so that they can properly interact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section tells Acra some details about database configuration so that they can properly interact.
```
